h1. A Mingle Add-in for Microsoft Excel 2010

h2. Overview

This add-in gives the user a Mingle tab on the Excel ribbon from which they can connect to Mingle and invoke a UI for entering Mingle MQL queries. More details and a downloadable installer for the add-in "can be found here":http://community.thoughtworks.com/posts/fffff76095.

h2. Dependencies

h3. Required

If you are building inside Visual Studio 2010 then you have all the required dependencies.

* "Microsoft .NET 4.0 Framework Client Profile":http://www.microsoft.com/download/en/details.aspx?id=24872 is the minimum run-time framework.
* MSBuild
* MSTest

h3. Bundled in Tools Folder

Dependencies required to run the tests from the command line are included in the tools folder off the root.

* IronRuby 1.0 (required for running the tests and included with the source code)
* Microsoft Dynamic Language Runtime - DLR (required for running the tests and included with the source code)

h2. Documentation

More details and a downloadable installer for the add-in "can be found here":http://community.thoughtworks.com/posts/fffff76095.

h2. Building the Add-In Solution

You can build and test the solution from the command line using the build.bat batch file. Build.bat drives the build setting environment variables (buildvars.bat) and compilation/test (rakefile). Everything required to run a command-line build and test is included with the source. 

* Open a command line window, navigate to the directory where you placed the source and run "build".

h2. Tests

Tests for the add-in are written in Ruby using the rspec gem. To run them from the command line:

* Run buildvars.bat to establish the environment. You may need to adjust the settingsin buildvars.bat depending on the locations of .NET 4.0, msbuild and mstest on you computer.
* "rake spec"